h1. play--cheese

play--cheese (http://github.com/lmcalpin/Play--Cheese) is a "Play! framework module":www.playframework.org 
that adds some basic support for integration with the "CheddarGetter":http://zfer.us/KIt2E subscription 
management service's API.

h2. create a customer

To use Play--Cheese, you must first configure your service.  This requires your CheddarGetter! credentials and
the product code for your service.

bc.  
    Service sub = new Service("account", "password", "productCode");
    
Then you can create a customer by simply calling addCustomer and providing a plan code that you set up on the
CheddarGetter! admin console.

bc. 
    Customer customer = sub.addCustomer(customerCode, firstName, lastName, email, planCode);
    Customer customer = sub.addCustomer(customerCode, firstName, lastName, email, planCode, creditCard);

You do not have to take in a credit card if the plan is free.  

You can retrieve the customer you just created by calling getCustomer:
    
bc. 
    Customer customer = sub.getCustomer("customerCode");
    
h2. subscriptions

A customer can subscribe to one or more of your product plans:

bc. 
    customer.subscribe(planCode, creditCard);
    
At any time, you can cancel the customer's current subscription plan.  This change takes effect IMMEDIATELY.

bc. 
    customer.cancel();
    

h2. usage tracking
  
To track item usage, call addItemUsage or setItemUsage on the Customer object.  This is used to track how much of
a limited quantity of a particular feature that a customer has used.  For example, if you have a SocialMobileLocal
startup that allows users 500 SpecialDealNotifications a month, you would set up a plan with an item with a limited
quantity of 500, and every time the customer received a SuperDuperDealNotification, you would increment their use
of that Item as follows:

bc. 
    customer.addItemUsage("SuperDuperDealNotification", BigDecimal.ONE);

You can also just set the full amount as well:

bc. 
    customer.setItemUsage("SuperDuperDealNotification", new BigDecimal("499"));
    
   